Mention extractNativeLibs for Flutter/Android (#3450)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/flutter/troubleshooting.mdx

```bash
flutter build apk --target-platform=android-arm --split-per-abi
```

> ## Native symbolication on Android

Author: maybe I also link this section to this page https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/flutter/upload-debug/#uploading-for-android-ndk
so even before uploading the files, they are gonna read this.

> For the symbolication of Native events (C/C++) on Android, follow the configuration guidelines in the [Android Native Development Kit](/platforms/android/using-ndk/) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration for symbolication of Native events (C/C++) is documented in our [Android Native Development Kit](/platforms/android/using-ndk/) content. If you are having issues with symbolication in Flutter, check that your configuration is correct, as discussed in our Flutter content that covers [Uploading for Android NDK](/platforms/flutter/upload-debug/#uploading-for-android-ndk)
```

> It's important that you set `android:extractNativeLibs="true"` in the `AndroidManifest.xml` or `android.bundle.enableUncompressedNativeLibs=false` in the `gradle.properties`, or you might not have a good symbolication experience.

Reviewer: I'd move this line to replace line 29 in the upload-debug.mdx file (I've made the edit to the file), and link to that content directly rather than put it in Troubleshooting.

Troubleshooting is the page where we tell folks how to fix a problem. If the problem is that they have set it up properly in the first place, we should tell them that at set up.

Author: makes sense, thanks

> It's important that you set `android:extractNativeLibs="true"` in the `AndroidManifest.xml` or `android.bundle.enableUncompressedNativeLibs=false` in the `gradle.properties`, or you might not have a good symbolication experience.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Specifically about `android:extractNativeLibs="true"` in the `AndroidManifest.xml` or `android.bundle.enableUncompressedNativeLibs=false` in the `gradle.properties`, otherwise you might not have a good symbolication experience.

Reviewer 2: I think we can remove this here, as it is described in `/platforms/android/using-ndk/`.

Author: that's the problem we're trying to solve, so people don't need to read everything and get lost, so I'd say this is actually necessary, the debug symbols page already links to the page above, but people were still missing it

Reviewer 3: I've made some edits to the wording to make it clearer, but @PeloWriter might still want to review this addition.

Author: thanks :)

> For the symbolication of Native events (C/C++) on Android, you've to make a configuration which is described on the [Android Native Development Kit](/platforms/android/using-ndk/) page.
> 
> Specifically about `android:extractNativeLibs="true"` in the `AndroidManifest.xml` or `android.bundle.enableUncompressedNativeLibs=false` in the `gradle.properties`, otherwise you might not have a good symbolication experience.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For the symbolication of Native events (C/C++) on Android, follow the configuration guidelines in the [Android Native Development Kit](/platforms/android/using-ndk/) documentation.

It's important that you set `android:extractNativeLibs="true"` in the `AndroidManifest.xml` or `android.bundle.enableUncompressedNativeLibs=false` in the `gradle.properties`, or you might not have a good symbolication experience.
```
